fix freeing allocated Feature buffers after Core Engine exits (#618)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/architectureChangelog.rst

- [Multi] - Added option :ref:`com.microej.runtime.kernel.dynamicfeatures.max <option_maximum_number_of_dynamic_features>` to configure the maximum number of Features that can be dynamically installed.
- [Multi] - Added option :ref:`com.microej.runtime.kf.waitstop.delay <option_feature_stop_timeout>` to configure the maximum time allowed for a Feature to stop.

> - [Multi] - Fixed freeing allocated Feature buffers after Core Engine exits (:ref:`In-Place Installation <feature_inplace_installation>` mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Multi] - Fixed missing releasing of allocated Feature buffers after Core Engine exits (:ref:`In-Place Installation <feature_inplace_installation>` mode).
```
